Two years later , at WrestleMania XXX , Lesnar defeated The Undertaker to end his undefeated streak at the premier annual event . Manila is also the site of the Philippine General Hospital , the tertiary state @-@ owned hospital administered and operated by the University of the Philippines Manila . For the next three decades , Chad became embroiled in civil war and experienced invasions by Libya and upheavals by Sudanese @-@ backed rebels ; the civil war ended in 1990 , although rebel threats had persisted between then and 2008 . The selectivity of some hydroxylations may be drastically improved in some cases with the addition of coordinating groups alpha to the oxaziridine ring as oxaziridines 3b and 3c in the table above . The genus was named for Attalus III Philometor , king of Pergamon , known for his interest in medicinal plants . Kershaw 's streak was , at the time , tied for the fifteenth longest scoreless inning streak in MLB history . Several government agencies have set up their headquarters in Quezon City but several key government offices still reside in Manila . The studio soon approached Mendes with a deal to direct for the minimum salary allowed under Directors Guild of America rules — $ 150 @,@ 000 . The Tetrarchs of ' A ' Squadron were to play an integral part in this reconnaissance role due to their speed , but the squadron 's strength of twenty tanks was severely depleted by the time it landed in Normandy . Howard was also clutch in their next game , hitting a free throw with a less than one second remaining to beat Pitt in a dramatic finish . Seeing the helicopters on the morning of 5 January , they realized the Americans would not remain in the city much longer . Despite Category 4 winds on Spanish Wells , only five houses were destroyed , although most of the remaining dwellings lost their roofs . When the war began turning in favour of the Allies , the Commission was able to begin restoring its First World War cemeteries and memorials . The iPlayer version had 1 @,@ 467 @,@ 220 views , making it the most popular TV show on iPlayer over Christmas . The new VIII Corps , under the overall command of Édouard Mortier , included three infantry divisions and a division of cavalry ( see Order of Battle below ) .